# CS250
Portfolio for CS 250 course

How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
   - Throughout the course, Agile methodologies were always customer centric. This concept played a huge factor in my approach to all parts of the course, including interpreting user needs. By using "user stories", I can read what exactly the user is wanting to accomplish with each story, why they want to accomplish this task, and who specifically wants to accomplish it. By having, clear, easy to follow user stories, I can then apply this plain language story into programming. This concepts eliminates alot of overwhleming lexicon that can frustrate and negatively impact a developer. By using the user stories, I was able to apply my limited knowledge of programming more efficiently in a more common sense approach.

How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
   - I now approach programs in terms of Agile. I use small iterations, similar to how we broke down assignment in this course to complete the overall final project before we ever truly began it. The concept of small iterations / sprints will be applied to future programming. The agile principle of people over data and paperwork is another concept I will use going forward. The ultimate goal is to produce functional programs. With this simple concept at th forefront, along with being customer centered in mindset, I can apply a streamlined, clear approach to programming that will be successful in the long run, especially as a newer programmer. 

What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
    - In order to be a good team member in software development, there are many key factors that apply. One doesnt simply be a good team member by pulling their weight on how much of the project they complete. This is a minor factor in the essence of good team members. The first concept is to be open to professional criticism. The most important part of a team is the fact that it is a collective of individual trying to accomplish the same goal. The other persepctives and experience can be a crucial resource to achieve this goal. A good team member also fulfills all of their reponsibilities, such as engaging with the team, be present, being punctual and being humble. A good team member isnt afraid to fail or ask for help. In order to be a good team member, you must think of the team as a collective and eleiminate the concept of self. The team either succeeds or fails together, no matter who was individually successful or failed. 
